README.md, before:

# Lambda calculus as a puzzle game

The lambda calculus has a very simple core which can serve as the core mechanic
of a puzzle game. The player is given a series of input/output and he/she has
to come up with the combinator with the desired functionality.

# Theme ideas

A combinator is a one-time clone machine. It takes an input and clones it, the
original input is destroyed.

# Related games

* Alligator Eggs
  * http://worrydream.com/AlligatorEggs/
  * http://metatoys.org/alligator/

* Mocking bird
  * http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/index.htm

* Functional transformation
  * http://david-peter.de/cube-composer/

* Sequential blocks programming games
  * https://lightbot.com/
  * Hour of Code: Minecraft, Star Wars

* Assembly programming
  * http://www.zachtronics.com/tis-100/
  * http://tomorrowcorporation.com/humanresourcemachine

* 3D blocks puzzle
  * http://www.zachtronics.com/infinifactory/

# Related work

* Visual lambda calculus
  * https://bitbucket.org/bntr/visual-lambda/wiki/Home
  * https://tromp.github.io/cl/diagrams.html
  * https://csvoss.github.io/projects/2015/11/08/lambda-circuitry.html

Commit message:

rename Theme ideas to Ideas, add idea of toolbox

README.md, after:

# Lambda calculus as a puzzle game

The lambda calculus has a very simple core which can serve as the core mechanic
of a puzzle game. The player is given a series of input/output and he/she has
to come up with the combinator with the desired functionality.

# Ideas

* A combinator is a one-time clone machine. It takes an input and clones it, the
original input is destroyed.

* Give names to combinators created in earlier levels so that it can reused in
later levels. Add these named combinators to the player's toolbox.

# Related games

* Alligator Eggs
  * http://worrydream.com/AlligatorEggs/
  * http://metatoys.org/alligator/

* Mocking bird
  * http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/index.htm

* Functional transformation
  * http://david-peter.de/cube-composer/

* Sequential blocks programming games
  * https://lightbot.com/
  * Hour of Code: Minecraft, Star Wars

* Assembly programming
  * http://www.zachtronics.com/tis-100/
  * http://tomorrowcorporation.com/humanresourcemachine

* 3D blocks puzzle
  * http://www.zachtronics.com/infinifactory/

# Related work

* Visual lambda calculus
  * https://bitbucket.org/bntr/visual-lambda/wiki/Home
  * https://tromp.github.io/cl/diagrams.html
  * https://csvoss.github.io/projects/2015/11/08/lambda-circuitry.html
